---
title: How to Use This Blog
layout: page
permalink: instructions.html
---

Since this blog is organised a little differently to most, I thought it might be helpful to explain how it's designed to be used.

## The Reader

The articles published here share no unifying element other than the fact they were written by me. Traditional parts of a blog such as archives, categories and so on felt of limited value and have been omitted.

At some point, I might put together a 'greatest hits' collection but for the moment that feels premature. If you're interested in reading whatever I write, there is an [Atom feed][xml].

[xml]: https://articles.inqk.net/feed.xml

There are no comments on this blog but feedback is nevertheless encouraged. I'd love to hear from you about any article. I'm [@pyrmont.inqk.net][bsa] on Bluesky.

[bsa]: https://bsky.app/profile/pyrmont.inqk.net

## The Developer

The content for this blog is hosted on Linode but I keep a [public repository on GitHub][gha]. Original content is placed into the public domain, so you're welcome to use it as you see fit.

[gha]: https://github.com/pyrmont/articles.inqk.net/

At some point, I'd like to have an API for the site but in the meantime there is an [Atom feed][xml] that you might find useful.

## The Author

It's a little silly to include myself but forgive me—this had nowhere else to go.

I use this blog as a place to collect my longer form writing. There is no schedule and no theme.

The blog is generated by Jekyll. Drafts of the blog posts are saved to iCloud and written in [iA Writer][iaw].

[iaw]: https://ia.net/writer/
